Added support for SCANNER_TRIVY_IGNORE_POLICY (#163)
aquasecurity/harbor-scanner-trivy: helm/harbor-scanner-trivy/README.md

| `scanner.trivy.reportsDir`            | Trivy reports directory                                                 | `/home/scanner/.cache/reports` |
| `scanner.trivy.debugMode`             | The flag to enable or disable Trivy debug mode                          | `false` |
| `scanner.trivy.vulnType`              | Comma-separated list of vulnerability types. Possible values are `os` and `library`. | `os,library` |

> | `scanner.trivy.ignorepolicy`          | The OPA rego file which will be added to a ConfigMap and mapped into Trivy | `     ` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scanner.trivy.ignorepolicy`          | The OPA rego script used by Trivy to evaluate each vulnerability | `     ` |
```
